Xueyiheng  
===
### What I did
I did the online course system during the internship. I was responsible for some back-end modules like course publishment and
course review. I am gonna share you an example of what I did. When someone publishes a course successfully,
I wrote the code to query the database and provided functions for the module of course review, like some functions to allow the course
to be published or refused to be pulished. This part was simple, just some query functions. And after the course is reviewed and allowed
to be published, my job is to synchronize the data to the Solr service. Solr is search engine, like google, when people search a course, 
the solr will response to it. I used ActiveMQ to synchronize the data to the solr system. ActiveMQ is a middle-ware based on java message
service and it sends message very fast. I used the producer and consumer pattern. So, when a course is published, it is like 
a producer and produce the course information as a message, and the search engine solr will receive the message like a consumer. Once 
the data is synchronized to the solr engine, people can search and find the course on our system.   
### Difficulty
A problem I met is about message loss. When I send some messages to the solr system using activeMQ, some of the 
messages will lost. After viewing the error log and google this question, I found the answer. So, after I sending the messages, 
I will close the connection after waiting for 15 seconds. Those messages I have sent will store on the buffer of the receiver’s system.
The receiver can still read the messages from the buffer after the connection is closed. But if the receiver tries to send messages 
back, since the connection is already closed by me, the system will throw an socketException. And after that, the receiver cannot read
the messages from buffer anymore. That is why some messages are lost. And the solution is simple, I choose to use transaction to commit
the messages, and the commit function will wait until the receiver closes the connection.  

Jmubox
===
### What it is  
It is a campus service application based on wechat and we never used any third-party code for wechat to build our system. I was the team leader and I found some of my schoolmates to build it and run it together for about two years. My job is to do all the back-end part including some front-end interactions. It provided students many functions like matching another student to chat through our system. Or you can query your personal transcript by binding your school account to our system. And our unique purpose was to help students solve some emotional questions without going to campus mental health center.  I have built three functions for this purpose. First one was a emotional consultation wall. Students can post their questions on it and our teammates as well as a teacher in campus mental health center will be responsible for answering them. The second one called love wall. You can post anything you want to speak to the person you love on it. The third one called black wall. It was a place where you can say some bad words.
### Difficulty
Well, I remember that one day the school system banned our could server IP address which means that our system can not provide those functions like query personal transcript or query personal curriculums anymore. We tried to change IP address. But the university then banned all the IP addresses which are  outside of the university. So, we tried to get access the university system since these functions are very important for us to attract students. I used two way. Firstly, I used my computer on my dormitory as the agent server. And connected the cloud server to this agent server. Since this computer was inside the campus, our system could access the university system again. But here, I also meet another problem that my computer on my dormitory was in the internal network which means my cloud server could not connect with it directly. I used a tool called Oray to do the network port mapping. Another way was that, I asked one of my professor to apply an on-campus server for me. I transfered my system from cloud server to this on-campus server.


Xiaohuangji
===
### What it is
It is a novel website which I built for fun. There is two links one is for mobile to view another one is for PC users. I did all the back-end include some front-end code and deployed it on a linux cloud server for more than 1 year by now.
### Difficulty    
One challenge I have met was that one day the system kept throwing errors. I checked the system logs and found that the new chapters of novels collected by the web crawler could not be stored on the disk. While when I checked the size of the available space on the disk, I found there still have more than 100 gigabytes. It confused me for a long time. While after google, I found the reason was because the linux system run out of inodes. Each file or folder will be assigned a corresponding inode to store the information about it. Since each novel has thousands of chapters. And I stored each chapters as a file. Then after running the website for about two month, there are millions of chapters which require millions of inodes. Once the system running out of inodes, it cannot create new files or folders on the disk even the space is enough. So, I then transfer all the data into another disk which I have already assigned a large number of inodes.  

Credit Card Fraud Detection Using Machine Learnin
===
### What is Logistic Regression  
LR is a logistic model, it will seperate the samples into two part by decision boundary. And use a logistic function such as sigmoid function to make the output value between 0 and 1.
### What I did  
It was a team project to detect credit card fraud. My job was to develop a telegram robot which can receive bank transaction records and then use our machine learning model to predict whether this transation is a fraud based on the history transactions. We also compare the results between different models including SVN, LR and K-Nearest Neighbors. I wrote the code for the LR model and the telegram robot.      

Web Scraping and Parsing for A GW Research Project  
===
### What it is
I received an email from CS department asking who can help to collect and parse data for a research project with rewards. It seems many other students tried to collect data from that website provdied by the person who was asking for help, but they failed. 


